Initial release of episode 19 - Walkthrough Conversion (#8527)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/quests/quests_19.txt

//===== Description: =========================================
//= [Walkthrough Conversion]
//--- NPCs for Episode 19
//
// Notes:
// - The last value of ep19_main is 61
// - ep19_main = 11 unlock some daily quests in icecastle (step 10).
// - ep19_main = 21 unlock some daily quests in jor_nest (step 23).
// - ep19_main = 33 unlock Airship Destruction Instance (step 35).
// - ep19_main = 100 (final) unlock the remaining daily and side quests (step 89).
//===== Changelogs: ==========================================
//= 1.0 First version. [Atemo]
//============================================================

function	script	F_ep19_checkTransform	{
	if (getstatus(SC_MONSTER_TRANSFORM,1) != 21530) {	// custom text (copy from another npc)
		mes "[" + getarg(0) + "]";
		mes "Human?! Go away.";
		close2;
		warp "jor_back3",65,321;
		end;
	}
	return;
}

// Main Quest: Step 1
wolfvill,223,83,3	script	Gray Wolf Villager#ep19	4_EP18_GW_MAN02,{ 
	if (BaseLevel < 200) {
		mes "[Greywolf Villager]";
		mes "Did you come to help our village today?";
		mes "Thank you as always.";
		next;
		mes "^4d4dffThere are quests that can be completed at level 200 or higher.^000000";
		close;
	}

> 	if (ep19_main == 0 && ep18_1_main == 57) {

Reviewer: Episode 18 flag in `npc/re/quests/quests_18.txt` is `ep18_main`, not `ep18_1_main`. The same correction is required on L155 of the same file.

	close3;
}

icas_in,34,189,5	script	Aurelie Petit#e19ms00	4_EP19_AURELIE,{
	if (checkweight(1000608,50) == 0) {
		mes "You cannot proceed with the conversation due to the large number of items you have.";
		mes "Please clean up your items and try again.";
		close;
	}
	if (ep19_main < 14) {
		cutin "ep19_aurelie01.png",1;
		mes "[Aurelie]";
		mes "Did you come to eat? Today's iced omelette is delicious.";
		close3;
	}
	if (ep19_main == 14) {
		cutin "ep19_aurelie01.png",1;
		mes "[Aurelie]";
		mes "Adventurer, you came just in time. Iwin said that he would also attend.";
		next;
		cutin "ep19_iwin06.png",2;
		mes "[Horr]";
		mes "Is everyone gathered? I'm sorry I'm late. Hurrah.";
		next;
		cutin "ep19_aurelie01.png",1;
		mes "[Aurelie]";
		mes "Now that everyone has gathered, let's start a full-fledged discussion. It's a waste of money, and the denomination's movement has definitely become more active recently.";
		next;
		cutin "ep19_leon01.png",0;
		mes "[Leon]";
		mes "^0000cdIs this a sign that the Jormungand Church is about to revive^000000? You've lived only breathing until now.";
		next;
		cutin "ep19_vellgunde02.png",1;
		mes "[Vellgunde]";

> 		mes "Perhaps it has something to do with the ^0000cd Illusion^000000 that came over here.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "Perhaps it has something to do with the ^0000cdIllusion^000000 that came over here.";
```

		next;
		cutin "ep19_aurelie01.png",1;
		mes "[Aurelie]";
		mes "If the denomination is revived as it is, the continent will face another crisis. There are many forces to unite differently from that time.";
		mes "It's not easy to cross the barrier.";
		next;
		cutin "ep18_miriam_01.png",1;
		mes "[Miriam]";

> 		mes "You must secure not only the Order, but also the Illusion and the heart of Ymir ^0000000 that they stole ^0000cd.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "You must secure not only the Order, but also the Illusion and the ^0000cdHeart of Ymir^000000 that they stole.";
```

jor_que,121,39,7	duplicate(dummy_cloaked_npc)	irwin#i19ms104	EP19_RGAN_D

jor_que,121,39,0	script	#i19ms104	HIDDEN_WARP_NPC,5,5,{
	end;
OnTouch:
	cloakonnpcself();
	setpcblock PCBLOCK_NPC, true;
	npctalk "I hear footsteps... Please just pass by... How did you get here...", "human#i19ms106", bc_self;
	sleep2 1000;
	cloakoffnpcself( "irwin#i19ms104" );
	npctalk "You've been hiding here! Anyone else?", "irwin#i19ms104", bc_self;
	sleep2 1500;
	npctalk "Mom... I was wrong. I don't want to be punished. I don't want to die. Please, take a look.", "human#i19ms106", bc_self;
	sleep2 1500;
	npctalk "This is so... This is why I didn't want to go around like this. Sir, I'm Rgan and Iwin.", "irwin#i19ms104", bc_self;
	sleep2 1500;
	npctalk "It won't hurt you, so go out with me. There's a safe place.", "irwin#i19ms104", bc_self;
	sleep2 1500;
	npctalk "How can you believe that...", "human#i19ms106", bc_self;
	sleep2 1500;
	npctalk "Child, if you don't go now, you're in trouble.", "irwin#i19ms104", bc_self;
	sleep2 1500;
	npctalk "What a big deal... If you die like this and die like that... Black...", "human#i19ms106", bc_self;
	sleep2 1500;
	npctalk "Let's go", "irwin#i19ms104", bc_self;

> 	cloakonnpcself( "irwi

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "Let's go back to <NAVI>[Horr]<INFO>icecastle,27,126,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> and report that the antennae are all buried.";
```

> 	cloakonnpcself( "irwi

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "Let's go back to <NAVI>[Horr]<INFO>icecastle,27,126,0,101,0</INFO></NAVI> and report that the antennae are all buried.";
```
